Misc docs updates (#18588)
unoplatform/uno: doc/articles/uno-publishing-desktop.md

    <UpdateEnabled>False</UpdateEnabled>
    <UpdateMode>Foreground</UpdateMode>
    <UpdateRequired>False</UpdateRequired>
    <WebPageFileName>Publish.html</WebPageFileName>

    <!-- Those two lines below need to be removed when building using "UnoClickOncePublishDir" -->
    <PublishDir>bin\Release\net8.0-desktop\win-x64\app.publish\</PublishDir>
    <PublishUrl>bin\publish\</PublishUrl>
  </PropertyGroup>
  <ItemGroup>
    <!-- This section needs to be adjusted based on the target framework -->
    <BootstrapperPackage Include="Microsoft.NetCore.DesktopRuntime.8.0.x64">
      <Install>true</Install>
      <ProductName>.NET Desktop Runtime 8.0.10 (x64)</ProductName>
    </BootstrapperPackage>
  </ItemGroup>
</Project>
```

# [**Using the Wizard**](#tab/vs-wizard)

> [!NOTE]
> An existing Visual Studio issue prevents the **Publish** context menu from being active
> if iOS/Android/maccatalyst are present in the TargetFrameworks list. In order to create
> the file, you can temporarily remove those target frameworks from `TargetFrameworks` in
> order to create the `.pubxml` file generated.

To use the Visual Studio publishing wizard:

> - Select the `netX.0-desktop` target framework in the debugger drop-down
> - In the Solution Explorer, right click on your project then sekect **Publish**
> - Click the **+ New profile** button
> - Select **ClicOnce**, then **Next**
> - Configure your app publishing in all the following wizard pages
> - In the **Configuration** section, make sure to select **Portable** for the **Target runtime**
> - Click Finish.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Select the `netX.0-desktop` target framework in the debugger drop-down
- In the Solution Explorer, right click on your project then select **Publish**
- Click the **+ New profile** button
- Select **ClickOnce**, then **Next**
- Configure your app publishing in all the following wizard pages
- In the **Configuration** section, make sure to select **Portable** for the **Target runtime**
- Click **Finish**.
```

The `Properties\PublishProfiles\ClickOnceProfile.pubxml` file will be created.

***

Once done, you can use the following command in your CI environment, or using a **Developer Command Prompt for Visual Studio**:

```shell
msbuild /m /r /target:Publish /p:Configuration=Release /p:PublishProfile="Properties\PublishProfiles\ClickOnceProfile.pubxml" /p:TargetFramework=net8.0-desktop
```

> The resulting package will be located in the `bin\publish` folder. You an change the output folder using `/p:UnoClickOncePublishDir=your\output\directory`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The resulting package will be located in the `bin\publish` folder. You can change the output folder using `/p:UnoClickOncePublishDir=your\output\directory`.
```
